Add declarativeNetRequest (#22644)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/declarativenetrequest/onrulematcheddebug/index.md

- `hasListener(listener)`
  - : Check whether `listener` is registered for this event. Returns `true` if it is listening, `false` otherwise.

## addListener syntax

### Parameters

- `callback`

  - : Function that is called when this event occurs. The function is passed these arguments:

    - `request`

      - : An object containing information about the request the rule matched.
        - `documentId` {{optional_inline}}
          - : A `string`. The unique identifier for the frame's document, if this request is for a frame.
        - `documentLifecycle` {{optional_inline}}
          - : A `string`. The lifecycle of the frame's document, if this request is for a frame. Possible values are: `"prerender"`, `"active"`, `"cached"`, or `"pending_deletion"`.
        - `frameId`
          - : A `number`. The value `0` indicates that the request happens in the main frame. A positive value indicates the ID of a subframe where the request happens. If the document of a (sub-)frame is loaded (type is `main_frame` or `sub_frame`), `frameId` indicates this frame's ID, not the outer frame's ID. Frame IDs are unique within a tab.
        - `frameType` {{optional_inline}}

>           - : A `string`. The type of the frame, if this request is for a frame. Possible values are: `"outermost_frame"`, `"fenced_frame"`, or `"sub_frame"`.

Author: Updated BCD

        - `initiator` {{optional_inline}}
          - : A `string`. The origin where the request was initiated. This does not change through redirects. The string 'null' is used if this is an opaque origin.
        - `method`
          - : A `string`. A standard HTTP method.
        - `parentDocumentId` {{optional_inline}}
          - : A `string`. The unique identifier for the frame's parent document, if this request is for a frame and has a parent.
        - `parentFrameId`
          - : A `number`. The ID of the frame that wraps the frame which sent the request. Set to `-1` if there is no parent frame.
        - `requestId`
          - : A `string`. The ID of the request. Request IDs are unique within a browser session.
        - `tabId`
          - : A `number`. The ID of the tab in which the request takes place. Set to `-1` if the request is not related to a tab.
        - `type`

>           - : [`ResourceType`](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/declarativeNetRequest/ResourceType). The resource type of the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - : {{WebExtAPIRef("declarativeNetRequest.ResourceType", "ResourceType")}}. The resource type of the request.
```

I think that the result is equivalent, but for suggested the template for consistency.

        - `url`
          - : A `string`. The URL of the request.

    - `rule`

>       - : [`MatchedRule`](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/declarativeNetRequest/MatchedRule). Details of a matched rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - : {{WebExtAPIRef("declarativeNetRequest.MatchedRule", "MatchedRule")}}. Details of a matched rule.
```
